New release of Diag264, v0.94beta

After a lot of prevaricating, I'm finally pushing a new semi-official
release of Diag264 - v0.94 beta.

http://www.inchocks.co.uk/commodore/Diag264

(If one of the admins here want to update the software/hardware links to
Diag264 on P4W, that would be much appreciated)

If you haven't come across it before, it's the C16/Plus/4 equivalent of
the various Commodore produced diagnostic cartridges for the C64. There is
both a kernal based version that you can directly replace your kernal ROM
with, which give the lowest level of diagnosis a bit like the 64 dead test
cartridges ,or you can use the low-ROM version which you can put on a
cartridge or use in place of the Function-Low ROM in a Plus/4.

Since I released the first version in 2012, I've been regularly tweaking
it and it's finally got enough extra functionality to be worth announcing.
Since then it's got much better address bus testing, better RAM testing
using a decent pseudo random number generator, TED latch testings, fixed
numerous small bugs, and added the ability to better diagnose I/O port
issues.

To get the most value, you would also need the loop-back plugs. I don't
make these for sale, but various ebay sellers have sold them and there's
full instructions on building your own in the documentation.

There is a download link at the top of the page where you can find the
binaries for kernal/low-ROM and PAL/NTSC combinations. It doesn't matter
so much whether you use the PAL or NTSC version as it will try and
auto-detect from the installed kernal if you use the low-ROM version, and
if you use the kernal version, you can force the video mode by holding
down 'P' or 'N' as you power on. Otherwise full instructions are in the
link.

0.94 is considered beta, so if there's any bugs or other feedback, please
PM me or email the address in the document and I will try to help, time
allowing.
